# eFlx: Provisioning of Energy Flexibility for E-taxi Fleet
This is the repeatability evaluation package for eFlx. The result generated by this package includes Fig. 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, and 11 in the paper.

## Prerequisites
Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:
 - Install Python 3.9.7
 - Obtain a Gurobi license. 
    - Tutorial for the Web License Service (WLS) license of Gurobi can be found [here](https://support.gurobi.com/hc/en-us/articles/13232844297489-How-do-I-set-up-a-Web-License-Service-WLS-license).
    - Tutorial for placing WLS license can be found [here](https://support.gurobi.com/hc/en-us/articles/360013417211-Where-do-I-place-the-Gurobi-license-file-gurobi-lic).
 - Install required packages: `pip install -r requirement.txt`

## Usage
1. Run `python main.py` to conduct experiments and plot result figures.
    - Note: the TES baseline could be time consuming to simulate. Consider remove `TES` from the [config](./config.json) file to skip TES simulation.
    - The simulation of TES baseline may encounter numerical difficulties due to uncentainty in simulation. Please re-run `python main.py`.
    - If the results are already generated and only figure plot is needed, run `python utils\figure_plot.py`.
2. The experiment results are stored in directory `./results`. The figures are stored in directory `./figures`

## Runtime
The total runtime of the full experiment is approximately 13 hours on a PC with 13700K. Skipping the baseline TES will reduce the runtime to 6.3 hours.

## License
This project is licensed under the terms of the [MIT license](./LICENSE).